Name                         | Gender
-----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------
uma Espada                   | feminine
uma Bolsa                    | feminine
uma Alabarda                 | feminine
uma Adaga                    | feminine
uma Varinha                  | feminine
uma Lanterna                 | feminine
uma Pulseira                 | feminine
uma Luva                     | feminine
uma Adaga com mola           | feminine                                   
uma Agulha                   | feminine                           
uma Bota com lâmina          | feminine                                    
uma Espada curta             | feminine                                 
uma Manopla                  | feminine                            
uma Lança                    | feminine                          
uma Clava                    | feminine                          
uma Maça                     | feminine                         
uma Alfange                  | feminine                            
uma Balestra                 | feminine                             
uma Azagaia                  | feminine                            
uma Balista                  | feminine                            
uma Bazuca                   | feminine                           
uma Besta de Mão             | feminine                                 
uma Besta de Repetição       | feminine                                       
uma Besta Leve               | feminine                               
uma Besta Pesada             | feminine                                 
uma Bola de gu-on            | feminine                                  
uma Boladeira                | feminine                              
uma Bolsa de Cola            | feminine                                  
uma Catapulta-de-braço       | feminine                                       
uma Cestus                   | feminine                           
uma Cimitarra                | feminine                              
uma Clava                    | feminine                          
uma Corrente com Cravos      | feminine                                        
uma Espada Bastarda          | feminine                                    
uma Espada de Lâminas Duplas | feminine                                             
uma Espada Grande            | feminine                                  
uma Espada Longa             | feminine                                 
uma Espada Táurica           | feminine                                   
uma Foice                    | feminine                          
uma Zarabatana               | feminine                               
uma Funda                    | feminine                          
uma Garra Feroz              | feminine                                
uma Girolette                | feminine                              
uma Granada                  | feminine                            
uma Katana                   | feminine                           
uma Kusari-gama              | feminine                                
uma Laço                     | feminine                         
uma Lança                    | feminine                          
uma Maça-Estrela             | feminine                                 
uma Maça de Guerra           | feminine                                   
uma Machadinha               | feminine                               
uma Shuriken                 | feminine                             
uma vara                     | feminine                         
uma Túnica Calamarina        | feminine                                      
uma Couraça de Bronze        | feminine                                      
uma Armadura                 | feminine                             
uma Cota de mlaha            | feminine                                  
uma Picareta                 | feminine                             
uma Pistola                  | feminine                            
uma Rede                     | feminine                         
uma Caneca                   | feminine                           
uma Chave                    | feminine                          
uma bomba de fumaça          | feminine                                    
uma Marreta                  | feminine                            
uma Machado Ogro             | feminine                                 
um Arco e Flecha             | masculine
um Escudo                    | masculine
um Machado                   | masculine
um Martelo                   | masculine
um Cajado                    | masculine
um Livro                     | masculine
um Óculos                    | masculine
um Chapéu                    | masculine
um Capuz                     | masculine
um Colar                     | masculine
um Capacete                  | masculine
um Bastão                    | masculine           
um Aprisionador              | masculine                 
um Arcabuz                   | masculine            
um Arco Composto             | masculine                  
um Arco Curto                | masculine               
um Arco Élfico               | masculine                
um Arco Longo                | masculine               
um Barril de Pólvora         | masculine                      
um Bordão                    | masculine           
um Cajado de Batalha         | masculine                      
um Canhão                    | masculine           
um Canhão Portátil           | masculine                    
um Chicote                   | masculine            
um Dardo                     | masculine          
um Escudo Leve               | masculine                
um Escudo Pesado             | masculine                  
um Flagelo                   | masculine            
um Florete                   | masculine            
um Taco De Baseball          | masculine                     
um Florete-agulha            | masculine                   
um Fogo Alquímico            | masculine                   
um Corselete de couro        | masculine                       
um Instrumento Mágico        | masculine                       
um elixir de vida            | masculine                   
um incenso                   | masculine            
um licor de feiticeiro       | masculine                        
um Lápis                     | masculine          
um Monitor                   | masculine            
um Celular                   | masculine            
um Protetor Solar            | masculine                   
um Lança-foguete             | masculine                  
um Machado Anão              | masculine                 
um Machado de Batalha        | masculine                       
um Machado Grande            | masculine                   
um Machado Táurico           | masculine                    
um Mangual                   | masculine            
um Martelo                   | masculine            
um Mosquete                  | masculine             
um Mosquestão                | masculine               
um Neko-te                   | masculine            
um Nunchaku                  | masculine             
um Sabre                     | masculine          
um Sifão-de-fogo             | masculine                  
um Tridente                  | masculine             
